---
layout: post
title:  "The First Step in a 4 Years Journey"
date:   2023-01-08 20:37:00 +0200
permalink: "labnotes/theStart/"
---	
##### *Self Reliance is the key to vigorous life - Robin Williams*
And the moment has come, a first step towards the world of research - filled with vast unknowns whilst beknowing that exciting challenges are yet to come. In retrospective to moments from Master's Journey, a coffee chat was always one conversation away from any idea scrutinization. In fact, used to trench-fighting along with Malaysian Mentor whenever we were catching deadlines or facing research bottlenecks, or possibly at times, offloaded a heavier reliance on Mentor in the excruciating task of peer reviews.

---

Having now officially a Doctoral Researcher, the trench has grown wider except our fellow soldiers are post-docs, fellow PhDs or any other researchers ( junior/senior). There will be no hand-holding in finding your own topic, the only information provided is the approximate domains and general direction, and the best friends will be the search engine, ChatGPT and google scholar (or maybe some fantastic blog post, YouTube Videos!). The feeling of getting a complete empty canvas brings back the memory of the kindergarten session, where we filled in the lands, flora, fauna and civilization on top of a picture of a sea, which probably why SimCity and Cities Skyline are always among the top favourite games.

---

Where life will take us, who knows? 
Where sea will sail us, who knows?
Does it not make a voyage exciting and meaningful? 
Or at least, I think so.

**END**